[Doc Feature][Targeted messaging Ph 1 - GA][5586586] (#14477)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/whats-new.md

**2026 July**

> * ***July 30, 2026***: [Enable receiving targeted messages in group conversations](agents-in-teams/targeted-messages.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ***July 30, 2026***: [Receiving targeted messages in group conversations](agents-in-teams/targeted-messages.md) is generally available.
```

Author: Updated
